Bump version: 1.0.0 → 1.0.1 (#16)
questdb/py-questdb-client: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

1.0.1 (2022-08-16)
------------------

> * Fixed a major bug where Python ``int`` and ``float`` types were handled with
>   32-bit instead of 64-bit precision. This caused certain `int` values to be
>   rejected and other `float` values to be rounded incorrectly.
>   Closes `#13 <https://github.com/questdb/py-questdb-client/issues/13>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a major bug where Python ``int`` and ``float`` types were handled with
  32-bit instead of 64-bit precision. This caused certain ``int`` values to be
  rejected and other ``float`` values to be rounded incorrectly.
  Closes `#13 <https://github.com/questdb/py-questdb-client/issues/13>`_.
```

> * As a convenience, the ``Buffer.row`` method can now take ``None`` columnn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As a matter of convenience, the ``Buffer.row`` method can now take ``None`` column
```
I am not sure about "As a convenience". Maybe even "to enhance usability"??
